 { "albums": { "album name": "Rush" , "album year": "1974" , "song number": "8" , "songs" : [ { "song name": "Finding My Way" , "song lyrics": "Yeah, oh yeah Ooh, said I, Im comin out to get you. Ooh, sit down. Im comin out to find you.  Ooh, yeah. Ooh yeah. Findin my way Ive been gone so long Ive lost count of the years. Well, I sang some sad songs, oh yes, and cried some bad tears. Look out Im comin. Whoa, whoa. Look out Im comin. Whoa, yeah. Im runnin, finding my way back home. Oh yeah Yeah, oh yeah Ooh, said I, Im comin back to look for you. Ooh, sit down. Im goin by the back door. Ooh, yeah. Ooh yeah. Findin my way Youve done me no right, but youve done me some wrong. Left me lonely each night while I sing my sad song. Look out Im comin. Whoa, whoa. Look out Im comin. Whoa, yeah. Im runnin, findin my way back home. Im comin. Ooh, babe, I said Im runnin. Whoa, babe, I said Im comin to get you, mama. Said Im runnin. Ooh, babe, I said Im comin for you, babe. I said Im runnin. Ooh yes, babe, I said Im comin to get you, babe. I said Im comin. Ooh, yeah. Im findin, Im findin my way back home. Well, Ive had it for now, livin on the road. Ooh, yeah. Ooh, yeah. Findin my way" } , { "song name": "Need Some Love" , "song lyrics": "Im runnin here, Im runnin there. Im lookin for a girl. ‘Cause theres nothin I need, theres nothin I want more in the whole wide world. Well, I need it quick and I need it now, before I start to fade away. Thats why Im searchin, thats why Im lookin each and evry day. Oo, I need some love. I said I need some love Oo yes, I need some love This feelin I cant rise above. Yeah, yeah Well I been hustlin here, I been hustlin there. I been searchin for about a week. And I started feelin this strange sensation. My knees are startin gettin weak. Well I need what keeps a young man alive; Im sayin I need it now. Im gonna get the message across to you someway, somehow. Oo, I need some love. I said I need some love Oo yes, I need some love This feelin I cant rise above. Oo, yeah yeah" } , { "song name": "Take a Friend" , "song lyrics": "Well, Im lookin at you, and Im wondrin what youre gonna do. Looks like you got no friends, no one to stick with you till the end. Take yourself a friend. Keep em till the end. Whether woman or man, it makes you feel so good, so good. Yes, you think youre all right, and now youre lonely evry night. Well, you need a friend, someone on whom you can always depend. Take yourself a friend. Keep em till the end. Whether woman or man, it makes you feel so good, so good. Yes, you need some advice. Well, let me put it to you nice. I said you need a friend, someone wholl stick with you to the end. Take yourself a friend. Keep em till the end. Whether woman or man, it makes you feel so good, so good." } , { "song name": "Here Again" , "song lyrics": "I said I played this song so many times before that the melody keeps repeating growing new ideas, flowing chords and notes like a mountain river bleeding. Well, I say as I look back, And all the thoughts Ive had, They reflect just what Im learning. Yes, you know that the hardest part, Yes, I say it is to stay on top, On top of a world forever churning. Well, you say you can laugh, But I can see that your eyes are glass. Well, do you see, cant you see, what Im feeling? Yes, Ive seen your face before. Why, Ive seen it everywhere, Showing up to me without a scent revealing. Well, I said will it ever change? Will it stay the same? Id surely like to know before its over. Well, I said I played some. I said it wont be long, Wont be long before I stop and play it over. Oh, oh Ive, Ive seen your face before. Is it ever gonna, ever gonna change again? Oh, oh Ive, Ive been in one place too long. Is it ever gonna, ever gonna change again?" } , { "song name": "What You"re Doing" , "song lyrics": "Well, I see you standin there with your finger in the air. Evrything we do, you wanna leave it up to you. Who do you think you are? You think you are a star, tryn to run the town, always tryn to put us down. Well, you think that youre right. You think youre out of sight. Tell me something, mister; whyd you have to make us so uptight? Well, you say youve been tryn. You know that youre lyn. I think you need some groovin. Who do you think youre foolin now? Well, you better start changin. You life needs rearrangin. You better do some talkin or you better do some walkin now. Yeah, you think that youre right. You think youre out of sight. Tell me something, mister; whyd you have to make us so uptight? I know what youre doing, all that you been doin wrong. I dont know what youre feelin, oh, but you been feelin long. Well, you think that youre right. Tell me something, mister; whyd you have to make us so uptight?" } , { "song name": "In the Mood" , "song lyrics": "Hey now, baby, well, I like your smile. Wont you come and talk to me. for a little while. Well, youre makin me crazy, the way you roll them eyes. Wont you come and sit with me. Ill tell you all my lies. Hey baby, its a quarter to eight. I feel Im in the mood. Hey baby, the hour is late. I feel Ive got to move. Well, hey now, baby, Dont you talk so fast. Im just tryn to make these good times, Im tryn to make it last. Evrythings getting hazy. Now honey, whered you go? I just want to find out, baby, whered you learn what you know? Hey baby, its a quarter to eight. I feel Im in the mood. Hey baby, the hour is late. I feel Ive got to move. Well, hey now, baby, said, I like your style. You really got me, baby, way down deep inside. Oo, you drive me crazy. Baby, youre the one. I just want to rock-and-roll you woman, until the night is gone. Hey baby, its a quarter to eight. I feel Im in the mood. Hey baby, the hour is late. I feel Ive got to move." } , { "song name": "Before and After" , "song lyrics": "Love wont see my comin on a Sunday noon today. Still dont believe were fadin, but now the world should wait. And now youre finally listnin to what I have to say. Well, the time is right, and it is today. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe we could talk about it and try to get it straight. After all these years, baby, maybe its too late. But I really need to have you by my side, And thats the only feelin, baby, I cant hide. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well you arent listnin, I aint talkin, we aint gettin nowhere. I keep tryin to get through to you baby. All you do is stare. I dont wanna see that. I need you by my side. Well, I dont want to be your lover. Babe, I wanna be your man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, now my storys over, baby, and I aint gonna tell it twice. Well, you better start listnin, or get out of my life. Or youre gonna be left out, I said left out in the cold. Yeah, before you get my lovin,babe, youll be too old. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, Im talkin to you baby. Well, I said Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah." } , { "song name": "Working Man" , "song lyrics": "I get up at seven, yeah, and I go to work at nine. I got no time for livin. Yes, Im workin all the time. It seems to me I could live my life a lot better than I think I am. I guess thats why they call me, they call me the workin man. They call me the workin man. I guess thats what I am. I get home at five oclock, and I take myself out a nice, cold beer. Always seem to be wondrin why theres nothin goin down here. It seems to me I could live my life a lot better than I think I am. I guess thats why they call me, they call me the workin man. They call me the workin man. I guess thats what I am. Well they call me the workin man. I guess thats what I am." } ] } }